Update with Reynald's video (#7854)
microsoft/vscode-docs: blogs/2024/11/15/introducing-github-copilot-for-azure.md

GitHub Copilot for Azure can help with different tasks throughout the lifecycle of building and running your application.

> **Update**. If you preview learning by video, check out this great overview from Reynald Adolphe!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update**. If you prefer learning by video, check out this great overview of GitHub Copilot for Azure!
```
